Proposing moving a sentence further (#2083)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-Exchange: Exchange/ExchangeOnline/mail-flow-best-practices/use-directory-based-edge-blocking.md

4. Choose **Save** to save your changes, and confirm that you want to enable DBEB.

> [!NOTE]

> > - Dynamic distribution groups do not sync to AAD and are therefore blocked by DBEB. As a work around in hybrid environments, you can create a mail contact with the same external email address of the blocked dynamic distribution group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - Dynamic distribution groups do not sync to AAD and are therefore blocked by DBEB. As a workaround in hybrid environments, you can create a mail contact with the same external email address of the blocked dynamic distribution group.
```
